"I want to prove that I can do it, and I want to get stronger." - Noelle Silva
"The only ones who should kill are those who are prepared to be killed!" - Fuegoleon Vermillion
"Never admit defeat and ask for a quick death! Die first, then admit defeat! If you are defeated but didn't die, it just means you were lucky! At those times, think only about survival!" - Yami Sukehiro
"I don't want to be at the mercy of my power. I want to use my power to protect others." - Julius Novachrono
"You don't need to have any special abilities. It's your heart that's important." - Sister Lily
"Magic is not just for the nobles, and I will prove it." - Asta
"Our comrades, our dreams... We don't want to let them down, and we don't want to lose to those we admire!" - Luck Voltia
"There's no such thing as luck. There is only a good opportunity created by your own power!" - Yami Sukehiro
"People only come to know what they're truly capable of when they're in a situation where they have no other choice." - Julius Novachrono
"When people have different ways of thinking, it's just natural that they will clash. And it's not just the strong who can change things." - Yuno
"I will do my best to be of help. Even in the distant future. I'm not strong, but I can be your sword." - Noelle Silva
"I'm never giving up again. If I die, I'll die giving it everything I've got!" - Asta
"Just wait! I will become the Wizard King one day, and I'll prove you wrong!" - Asta
"The only thing that should make you stronger is your desire to protect something." - Fuegoleon Vermillion
"Being weak means you don't have the strength to live. You have to do whatever you can to make sure you're strong enough to survive." - Noelle Silva
"If you wish to be a protector, it means that you should be prepared to die protecting!" - Yami Sukehiro
"I'm not strong because I have nothing to protect. I'm strong because I have something I want to protect." - Asta
"We never know what kind of people will be our comrades in the future. But one thing is for sure: without them, we can't become the Wizard King." - Yuno
"I don't want the world to revolve around me. I just want to make the world a better place." - Asta
"Don't underestimate the underdog. They may have nothing to lose and everything to gain." - Yami Sukehiro
"In the end, the most important thing is your guts." - Luck Voltia
"Just because someone's stronger doesn't mean they can do everything." - Noelle Silva
"If you think you can't protect anything, then you are the weakest." - Yami Sukehiro
"Strength isn't determined by physical capabilities, but by the depth of one's spirit." - Julius Novachrono
"The more you want to win, the more you have to lose." - Fuegoleon Vermillion
"Don't let the past bind you. Break free and live for the present." - Yuno
"If you don't believe in yourself, you won't make it anywhere." - Asta
"It doesn't matter what's possible. I have to do it." - Noelle Silva
"A true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength, but by the strength of his heart." - Asta
"The path to becoming the Wizard King is long, but I'll walk it." - Yuno
"I won't lose to fate. I create my own future!" - Yami Sukehiro


